README.md, before:

# index-content-in-guide-action

Indexes local HTML files in Zendesk Guide's search index.

## Input Parameters

### `content-dir`

Path to directory where HTML files are located.

Required: yes \
Default: `.`

### `target-base-url`

Base URL that should prefix all paths found in `content-dir`. If `working-dir` is provided, the paths will be relative to that dir. So if your HTML files are in the `public/` directory and you specify `working-dir: public` and `target-base-url: https://hello.org`, then `public/hello/world.html` will get the URL `https://hello.org/hello/world.html`.

Required: yes

### `source-id`

The ID of the External Content Source in Zendesk Guide. See the [Zendesk API docs](https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/help_center/federated-search/external_content_sources/) for how to create an External Content Source.

Required: yes

### `type-id`

The ID of the External Content Type in Zendesk Guide. See the [Zendesk API docs](https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/help_center/federated-search/external_content_types/) for how to create an External Content Type.

Required: yes

### `auth`

Authentication Credentials, e.g. `my@email.com:password`. See the [Zendesk API docs](https://developer.zendesk.com/rest_api/docs/support/introduction#security-and-authentication) for more information. The value provided will be used in the `Authorization` header using the `Basic` method, i.e. `Authorization: Basic <auth>`.

Required: yes

### `zendesk-subdomain`

The subdomain of your Zendesk account.

Required: yes

### `working-dir`

Working directory. See `target-base-url` for when to use this.

Required: yes \
Default: `.`

## Example Workflow

This workflow uses Hugo to build a static site, then synchronizes the HTML files with the Guide search index:

```yaml
name: Index in Guide Search

on:
  push:
    # Only index changes to the default branch, e.g. `master` or `main`.
    branches: [ $default-branch ]

jobs:
  sync:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    steps:
      - name: Check out source code
        uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: Build Hugo site
        uses: klakegg/actions-hugo@1.0.0

      - name: Sync with the Guide Search Index
        uses: zendesk/index-content-in-guide-action@v3
        with:
          auth: ${{ secrets.ZENDESK_AUTH }}
          zendesk-subdomain: my-zendesk-subdomain
          source-id: some-source-id
          type-id: some-type-id
          content-dir: public # defaults to `.`
          target-base-url: https://example.com
```

If you want to index multiple External Content types you can use the [matrix feature](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions/reference/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idstrategymatrix) of Github Actions:


```yaml
# ...

jobs:
  sync:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    strategy:
      matrix:
        include:
          - type-id: type-id-1
            content-dir: guides
          - type-id: type-id-1
            content-dir: api-docs

    name: "Sync ${{ matrix.content-dir }}"

    steps:
      - name: Check out source code
        uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: Build Hugo site
        uses: klakegg/actions-hugo@1.0.0

      - name: Sync with the Guide Search Index
        uses: zendesk/index-content-in-guide-action@v3
        with:
          auth: ${{ secrets.ZENDESK_AUTH }}
          zendesk-subdomain: my-zendesk-subdomain
          source-id: some-source-id
          type-id: ${{ matrix.type-id }}         # <----
          content-dir: ${{ matrix.content-dir }} # <----
          target-base-url: https://example.com
```

Commit message:

send only text instead of full html
External content records have a length limit of 10000 characters (and in this action, we conservatively send only 9000 characters). Many of these characters will be HTML tags, which are not useful for searches.

Additionally, we allow setting a CSS selector parameter to narrow down what’s being sent. By default, we are sending the whole `<body>`, but it includes elements like navigation and footer, which makes difficult searching for terms mentioned in them. This value can be set to `main` or `article` to focus on the most relevant part of a page.

README.md, after:

# index-content-in-guide-action

Indexes local HTML files in Zendesk Guide's search index.

## Input Parameters

### `content-dir`

Path to directory where HTML files are located.

Required: yes \
Default: `.`

### `target-base-url`

Base URL that should prefix all paths found in `content-dir`. If `working-dir` is provided, the paths will be relative to that dir. So if your HTML files are in the `public/` directory and you specify `working-dir: public` and `target-base-url: https://hello.org`, then `public/hello/world.html` will get the URL `https://hello.org/hello/world.html`.

Required: yes

### `source-id`

The ID of the External Content Source in Zendesk Guide. See the [Zendesk API docs](https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/help_center/federated-search/external_content_sources/) for how to create an External Content Source.

Required: yes

### `type-id`

The ID of the External Content Type in Zendesk Guide. See the [Zendesk API docs](https://developer.zendesk.com/api-reference/help_center/federated-search/external_content_types/) for how to create an External Content Type.

Required: yes

### `auth`

Authentication Credentials, e.g. `my@email.com:password`. See the [Zendesk API docs](https://developer.zendesk.com/rest_api/docs/support/introduction#security-and-authentication) for more information. The value provided will be used in the `Authorization` header using the `Basic` method, i.e. `Authorization: Basic <auth>`.

Required: yes

### `zendesk-subdomain`

The subdomain of your Zendesk account.

Required: yes

### `working-dir`

Working directory. See `target-base-url` for when to use this.

Required: yes \
Default: `.`

### `content-css-selector`

CSS selector that will be passed to [Nokogiri’s `at` method](https://nokogiri.org/rdoc/Nokogiri/XML/Node.html#method-i-at). Only this node from each HTML file will sent to Zendesk Guide. By default, we post all text found in `<body>`, but you can set this selector to something more narrow (for example, `main` or `article`).

Required: no
Default: `body`

## Example Workflow

This workflow uses Hugo to build a static site, then synchronizes the HTML files with the Guide search index:

```yaml
name: Index in Guide Search

on:
  push:
    # Only index changes to the default branch, e.g. `master` or `main`.
    branches: [ $default-branch ]

jobs:
  sync:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    steps:
      - name: Check out source code
        uses: actions/checkout@v4

      - name: Build Hugo site
        uses: klakegg/actions-hugo@1.0.0

      - name: Sync with the Guide Search Index
        uses: zendesk/index-content-in-guide-action@v6
        with:
          auth: ${{ secrets.ZENDESK_AUTH }}
          zendesk-subdomain: my-zendesk-subdomain
          source-id: some-source-id
          type-id: some-type-id
          content-dir: public # defaults to `.`
          target-base-url: https://example.com
          content-css-selector: main # defaults to `body`
```

If you want to index multiple External Content types you can use the [matrix feature](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions/reference/workflow-syntax-for-github-actions#jobsjob_idstrategymatrix) of Github Actions:


```yaml
# ...

jobs:
  sync:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

    strategy:
      matrix:
        include:
          - type-id: type-id-1
            content-dir: guides
          - type-id: type-id-1
            content-dir: api-docs

    name: "Sync ${{ matrix.content-dir }}"

    steps:
      - name: Check out source code
        uses: actions/checkout@v4

      - name: Build Hugo site
        uses: klakegg/actions-hugo@1.0.0

      - name: Sync with the Guide Search Index
        uses: zendesk/index-content-in-guide-action@v6
        with:
          auth: ${{ secrets.ZENDESK_AUTH }}
          zendesk-subdomain: my-zendesk-subdomain
          source-id: some-source-id
          type-id: ${{ matrix.type-id }}         # <----
          content-dir: ${{ matrix.content-dir }} # <----
          target-base-url: https://example.com
          content-css-selector: main # defaults to `body`
```
